docs: remove extraneous parts of DHIS2 Docker tutorial (#105)
dhis2/developer-portal: docs/quickstart.md

Sign in as `admin` (username) and `district` (password). If you can load DHIS2 in the browser, you are ready to create a new app.

:::note
For more info on how to correctly set up command line tools please check our [Environment Setup tutorial](/docs/tutorials/setup-env).
:::

### Next steps

> Now that you havea DHIS2 instance you can put it to the test by developing DHIS2 apps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now that you have a DHIS2 instance you can put it to the test by developing DHIS2 apps.
```
